{"bbName":" Atheistic Madman","entrantName":"deterioratingSanity","imagesCSV":"","text":"-Probably insane, and sticks to only his values, the Atheistic Madman believes that while The Vast Croak is nothing more then a lie, he also believes in his own, twisted \"religion.\"<br> - his goal in a session is to convert the players to his \"Religion\" leading to tragic events and distrust between them. <br>-along with using two long daggers, AM also has the power of the cursed Duthulu, so unless players are throughly prepared, they should try not to attack AM directly, since he's faster then he appears, plus he is backed up by the power of both Duthulu and Rage. - Likes science, denouncement, revolution, and Mind players (since to him, they know how to think). he also enjoys Peach Rings, but thats not important.<br> - Dislikes any notion of religion and the Vast Croak. also hates when someone exploits his plans, therefore causing the plans to fail.<br> - AM is defeated when all of his atheistic work and brainwashing is stopped. think of it as reversing his damage to others minds. now, what would EXPLOIT his plans? ","jrComment":"I'd probably have him be triggered by HP getting the ring (wants to oppose frog religion) or maybe a Purple Frog?","shogunComment":""}
{"bbName":"Farrago Fiction Discord.","entrantName":"cactus","imagesCSV":"","text":"-a hive mind of small horrorterrors. <br>-enjoys massive amounts of shipping, chaos, and clubs deuce getting the ring. prolonged exposure may cause gnosis somehow.<br> -FFD is defeated when it loses interest in a session. this happens if there have been few instances of drama in a set span of scenes. (drama would be character death, shipping, advanced NPC shenanigans)","jrComment":"a lack of something would actually be p hard to test for, surprisingly enough","shogunComment":""}
{"bbName":"The Ultimate Sales Thief/Deyvan, Thief of Sale","entrantName":"Deyvan Salez (Mage of Sale) ","imagesCSV":"","text":"The Ultimate Sales Thief is a sadistic, money hungry person. He plans to make “paradox space great again” by stealing money from everyone. He is sadistic, in that they toys with his opponents. His goal, with his slaves fellow employees is to beat the shit out of everyone, to kill them and then rob them. They like MONEY. AND MONEY ONLY. Also time players, so they tend to go easy on them. He also secretly steals memes and fraymotifs. He dislikes poor people, because he can’t rob them. He also hates space players for some reason. He wears a green tuxedo and tophat with a dollar sign on it at all times, which hides his hair, If the tophat gets knocked off he gets angery. His origin was from a normal session, where his quest was to collect as much boondollars as possible in a short time frame and then give it away. Unfortunately he didn’t give it away, and left the session by buying a spaceship and searching for more boonies and people like him. Soon, his thoughts became malicious, and he wanted to kill and rob other people, so he started raiding sessions. He attacks using briefcases, and he and his fellow employees can use “Steam Sales”, which rains Steam Sales. The Ultimate Sale Thief can use a powerful version, “Tsunami of Sales”. He whacks people with his briefcase, and his guards use spears. He can be defeated if you beat him and his 2 guards in strife, and rob him. He can also be defeated if you defeat 10 of his elite employees, which come before he invades. Though it is unlikely that your session will drag on so long that TEN of them appear. He can also be “defeated” if he kills everyone.","jrComment":"the entire 'employee' mechanic would be hard, but all the money themes sound like simple flavor text kinda shit","shogunComment":""}