Greetings, JR.

I hope I am not distracting you.

This paste contains brief descriptions of 10 Sburb Glitch FAQ Aspects and a few effects/tasks (most of those are bullshit though) suggested for them.

Note: Absolutely Fucking Nothing here means "Ultimate Riddle stuff". Or whatever does not advance the player's Land Quest.

Dreams: The Aspect of Dreams tends to focus on creativity and systemization.
Suggested effect: Players are supposed to get echeladder experience for doing random shit, right? 
Heroes of Dream get more experience for completing any random task, like "saving consorts" or "robbing tombs", but whenever that task's repeated, the experience for it falls by a few percent so eventually repetitions'll give zero experience. Gotta be original.
Tasks: "Solving an enormous puzzle blocking the entry to a dungeon via an unorthodox method", "Drastically change consorts' lives with a gimmicky invention", "Creating a one-of-a-kind thing via witnessing its creation in Skaia's prophetic clouds".

Fate: The Aspect of Fate tends to focus on directions and instinct.
Suggested effect: Reduce the probability of quests that do Absolutely Fucking Nothing.
Tasks: "Navigate a complex labyrinth with closed eyes", "Reverse-engineer an overcomplicated device", "Slicing a cake in two absolutely equal parts".

Flow: The Aspect of Flow tends to focus on intensity, acceleration and fire.
Suggested effect: The Player of Flow can complete quests a bit faster.
Tasks: "Lose oneself in a grindfest, gaining ungodly amounts of Grist", "Rush across the Land in a matter of minutes to deliver an express parcel", "Setting the stage on fire, both literally and metaphorically".

Law: The Aspect of Law tends to focus on restrictions and decisions.
Suggested effect: Slightly increase the chance of the player making the correct Choice.
Tasks: "Swear an oath to defeat a strong enemy and fulfill it", "Wipe a horde of enemies via a set of stupid conflicting restrictions", "Save a consort via banning them from dying".

Might: The Aspect of Might tends to focus on strength and integrity.
Suggested effect: The Might player might have an idea of attacking - not exiling - Jack Noir before he goes batshit crazy. Or, failing that, before Jack Noir decides to show the Might player his stabs.
Tasks: "Surfing a tsunami wave that appeared just for the occasion", "Punching out a horde of underlings, one by one", "Following through with a plan after the circumstances've foiled it and succeeding anyway", "Performing an unbelievably complex bike stunt".

Mist: The Aspect of Mist tends to focus on replication and ambiguity.
Suggested effect: Being a wildcard player - Mist player can be a substitute for any other in tasks like ectobiology or assisting in frog tasks. 
Tasks: All other Aspects' tasks, "Faking one's identity to enter and easily beat a dungeon that would be lethal for the intended player", "Activating a complex mechanism's parts simultaneously by being at all places of activation at once", "Saving a consort village via creating a fake copy for the underlings to destroy".

Rain: The Aspect of Rain tends to focus on confusion, chaos and insanity.
Suggested effect: A copy of the Player of Rain is created post-entry. This copy is treated as a separate player, and the only thing it has in common with the original is the echeladder progress. The original and the copy might kill each other, and THIS IS STUPID.
Tasks: "Breaking down a puzzle so that it allows the player to bypass it", "Sowing confusion amongst enemy ranks via being at many places at once", "Causing the consort village to become even wackier than before".

Rhyme: The Aspect of Rhyme tends to focus on relaxation and chillness.
Suggested effect: The Rhyme player is outright immune to Murder Mode and they excel at making other players to calm down. As a drawback, they do Absolutely Fucking Nothing much more often.
Tasks: "Starting a festive season on one's planet", "Doing just a few unimportant and effortless things to cause a radical change", "Beating a bunch of underlings while they're frozen solid".

Sand: The Aspect of Sand tends to focus on deceit, weakness and adaptability.
Suggested effect: Like Void players, stuff they do is not obvious. However, the results are: "X happened. The Sand player's making an innocent face/whistling innocently/pretends that they weren't there/outright denies any involvement with the event even though it is obvious that they're the culprit behind it".
Tasks: "Drown an enemy in lies so that they do exactly what the Sand player needs", "Nonchalantly destroy an enormous obstacle", "Clear an expanse for a new consort village".

Stars: The Aspect of Stars tends to focus on gravity, attraction and acceptance.
Suggested effect: More interesting events (?) happen with this player and not somebody else.
Tasks: "Bypass a trap course by walking on the dungeon's ceiling and walls", "Reverse gravity in an area to destroy a bunch of underlings", "Get an important artifact from a trapped pedestal by pulling it towards oneself".

Furthermore, a friend of mine (and I) would rather split the canon 12 and SGFAQ's 10 aspects in different pairs - so that they'd correlate to the canon pairs - so I've decided to add two aspects to seal the "open" pairs and bring the total to 24. These two appear in 48x48.

Sky: The Aspect of Sky tends to focus on rejection, denial and repelling force.
Suggested effect: Special events avoid the Player of Sky.
Tasks: "Get through a dangerous dungeon while creating protective barriers to nullify traps", "Creating a ward to ensure the village's safety from underlings", "Throwing a dangerous opponent off a tall cliff instead of fighting them fairly".

Snow: The Aspect of Snow tends to focus on consequences and patterns.
Suggested effect: Repeating random quests takes less time.
Tasks: "Figuring out how the random bullshit quests connect to give a more useful hint about the Ultimate Riddle", "Creating a complex system to maximize the efficiency of the interactions between villages", "Succeeding in saving a plan from a last-minute disruption".

With due respect, 

AW